[DOCS] Rename inference services to inference integrations in docs (#120212)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/inference/inference-apis.asciidoc

For the most up-to-date API details, refer to {api-es}/group/endpoint-inference[{infer-cap} APIs].
--

> The {infer} APIs enable you to create {infer} endpoints and use {ml} models of different services - such as Amazon Bedrock, Anthropic, Azure AI Studio, Cohere, Google AI, Mistral, OpenAI, or HuggingFace - as integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {infer} APIs enable you to create {infer} endpoints and integrate with {ml} models of different services - such as Amazon Bedrock, Anthropic, Azure AI Studio, Cohere, Google AI, Mistral, OpenAI, or HuggingFace.
```
